So let's continue.
So this is my cluster demo and the type is fargate.
It means this cluster is being managed by the Amazon and one service is running and this service is
managing this task.
And this task is nothing at the back end.
This task is running a container, your container of nginx application and this is your EC2.
And as of now you can see there is no EC2 instance because at the back end where it is running,
nobody knows that, only Amazon knows that.
Now I want to go to the service, just click on this cluster demo and this is my nginx service and
here you can see I'm able to access my application.
Now let me click on this task.
So I told you that this task is managed by the service.
The service is running.
Who is always monitoring this task?
Suppose let me select this task and let me stop this task.
So what will happen now?
You can see it has been stopped state or you can say it has removed from here, but the service is
still running here.
You can see this nginx service is still running.
So what it will do, it is keep on monitoring the task.
Now it has found that this particular task is in stopped state or you can say it is not running.
So what it will do, it will create another container for this task.
So just wait for a few seconds.
After that you will see a new task will be created here.
Let me refresh this one.
Here.
You can see a new task has been created or we can say a new container.
And as of now, you can see it is in pending state.
So I believe with this exercise you can easily co-relate what is task and what is service.
A cluster is basically where you are going to launch your service or your tasks and task is nothing
your container is running or we can say a definition of your container will be defined in the task and
service.
Who is monitoring your task all the time?
If your task is having any issue?
What will happen?
A service will recreate the task.
So here you can see it has immediately recreated a new task.
So that's the benefit of the AWS ECS cluster.
So that's all we'll see you in the next lecture.